Let us look at static variables I will have one function in this I will declare one variable static
integer S whose value is 10.
Now here I will say Splus plus.
And then I will say cout S endl. the value of S is 10 then it becomes 11.
This is displayed.
So when I called this function fun first time I will get the  value 11, Let's see.  yea 11,  if I call the function
again.
Then again I should get the value 11.
No this is a static variable.
So the value was already 11 in the first function call then it remains 11 only then s plus plus will
become 12 if it is not static then it should give again 11.
Let us run, yea first time it was 11 and the next time it is 12.
Now if I remove static then see every time when I call the function it will display value 11.
yea Again I'm adding value 11.
It means that this variable s is a declared again and the value is incremented.
But in static the variable will not be declared again.
It will be declared only one time that already I have explained you.
So these are the static variables that are useful inside the function and these are more useful in modular
programming that is function programming, function based programming.
These are more useful in modular programming or procedural programming where everything is done in the
form of functions, there it is useful.
This is a static variable inside the function are available in C++.
These are not available in Java.
So that's all about static variables inside functions and static variables inside functions are
there in c, C++ but not in Java.